Why? Actually, after all, I don’t have much money.
Because of some work and even no attendance,
But he is taking care of my life. Someone will follow me and prepare to add one by one,
When you're hungry, there's nothing better than cooking when you're hungry.
So after three years of roast chicken and balsamic vinegar, I already had a relationship with him.
Although it is difficult, I ignore it, ignore it,
Ignore it, you won’t even listen to me asking for you,
Ignore it, you won’t feel that you have been promoted overnight by the company in recent years.
It's just bad, no,
Not even that, then why don't you get to know this waste?
I think it's because this trash is in my heart
Your position is more important than grandma
So you do it for him
You don’t even listen to what Yuan Guannao says, right grandma?
It’s not that I can’t accept your words
I can help you with anything
I will also consider getting married.
It's me, you can't be grandma
I think if he is
The real intention is to see your order
It’s the others we added together
After the manager’s special appointment
You can do it later than me. What do you think? Grandma, I’m fine, I’m watching you.
It’s really a scene of eating
Not great anymore
Even I shed tears
That being the case
This is the physics of the general manager
You don’t have to fuck grandma anymore
Can I walk in?
It’s you who will update Elf three years ago
Tomb family Bingming’s broken wish
What do you guys have saved?
In his later years, Ren stopped his teeth
Only to break the old shackles into shackles
Now you are anxious to think that
He doesn't want the future
He has always experienced the purpose of leaving the job and handing over the car.
Aren't you afraid of the tomb family?
Will Bingming go bankrupt again?
Stop acting here and listen
We admit that we are capable
But the impression has now been reaffirmed
It's not like we're going to go back to the situation we were in three years ago.
capable at night
Do I have the ability?
you have the ability
I think you are only a criminal
These are my Jedi
I can't do it without you
How about you being such a late citizen?
Just promise him Wan Min
Otherwise
Have you rescued and let grandma out now?
You people want it
If you dare not speak to him,
You and he are released together to the late people.
Since they are heartless and heartless
Just don't agree
Got the attitude
I believe it doesn't cost much
You will thank you later